All right.
Now let's move up to the standard package and this is like if we wanted to we could spend between 500
and 1000.
OK.
And this is really like the base level that I would suggest doing I would only do the ultra cheap version
if you absolutely had no money.
I guess in this scenario a standard what I would suggest doing is one going to go at the consumer level
camera.
And I would go at the point and shoot.
OK.
There is a camera I can't it's called the Panasonic Lumix point and shoot and it actually looks like
a DSL archosaurs a handle and it's heavier but it has a lot of similar features and it's only like $270
right now.
So you get the FCC 80 which if you wanted to shoot for k can do that.
That's $400.
The absolute cheapest one is to 50.
And that's the F.C. 70.
And that's the thing to shoot a.p.
If you're on a budget don't go for four K like four cases automatically going to add a thousand dollars
or so to your budget.
It's just not worth doing if you're this low.
I mean it year you really really want for cable then you're really really going to have to spend more
money and that's the case well maybe you rent your stuff.
Maybe you're really good about planning when you do it and then you only spend a couple hundred dollars
renting everything for a couple of days.
Now back to the whole standard package.
OK so said he had that one at like $250 there's also some pretty good camcorders out there.
Another one is the Panasonic h c v 7 7 0 HD.
It's a camcorder that was about like $450 $500 you can find in a Web site called be an age photo dot
com.
That's another option.
You know it's not $250 but it's a little bit more and it's give you a lot of functional you need and
this is great if you're only focusing on video because it's not going to take photographs for you.
And again I'm speaking with Panasonic because I just like Panasonic.
They're just cheaper in general because people don't think the brand super fancy.
They don't make these like ridiculously high end cameras.
They focus on making better kind of cheap versions.
All right so then for the Lumix have probably the Panasonic Lumix.
FC 70 is what I probably suggest using or a mere illis point and shoot that you can find.
You can get one of those like Canon power shots for $200 Nikon Coolpix is in there $200.
And again with these ones we're going to focus on as an MP rating.
You know look for megapixels.
I personally suggest don't shoot don't shoot below 16 anything above that's going to be great.
I think it's kind of the bare minimum for a tripod.
You can just get what's called names on base a basic tripod.
It's literally like $4000.
I mean this just Super-Duper Chib is going to break immediately but whatever for lighting Now what I
would suggest doing is again on Amazon.
We have the most studio Sarbox box panels and thank God for this but there's a lot of people who want
entry level video equipment.
And so a lot of these Chinese brands have just started pumping out the absolute cheapest thing they
can possibly make in most scenarios if just you for instance you only need two lights if you're doing
flat lighting or talked about before.
So you only need two lights plus soft boxes so they have a lot of deals on there.
You can get two of them plus the light stands for like 75 bucks and didn't get one for 40.
So really easy to use.
They're super cheap and they suck to set up.
But if you're on a budget that's what you can go with the longest I'm actually shot with these right.
They're really big.
And what you do is you have this cheap plastic holder and then you install these bulbs into them and
they have the same Lima studio bulbs they're talking to before you screw them in.
And then you have to take these rods stick in.
And then you put this reflector Mattila around it and a soft box on the top.
It does create decently well lit light.
You can't modulate how bright it is because it's just going to be a light bulb.
But again you're on a budget.
So if you want it to be darker move it farther away.
That's pretty much.
You want it to be brighter than move the box closer to what you're trying to shoot.
They also have like big kits like three point kits and those you know these like $170.
But now there are like 100 bucks so I would check those out.
There's a 100 in one copy cat Chinese brands.
Just read the reviews.
I mean they're all an equal level of bad but they'll get the job done.
Another option I can throw out there is doing what's called a Chinese lantern or a Chinese lantern is
there just paper lanterns that open up and their big orbs.
One really cheap way of getting soft diffused light is actually just hang those up and put a bulb inside
of that because of the paper and the fact that it shoots it everywhere it actually does create pretty
good light.
It's hard to aim at something.
But these things like it's like four bucks for one of these things.
And then it's just the light bulb that you put in it.
So is also really easy to do on a budget.
Now for your recorder I would suggest go to a little bit more.
You could probably go with like a lot earlier for this so you can get there's a task candy bar 10.
Well it's actually just Wireless-N or chord's.
Everything right there.
And that's only 200 bucks.
I think that's decent There are of course cheaper Blob's out there you can get a law for 20 bucks you
can get what's called a giant squid law which are really popular.
They're only 50 bucks.
But the problem is where are you going to record it to.
So that's something to keep in mind.
It has to go to a quarter and then over a quarter it is going to be at least $200.
Then other things you might need.
You know you can easily buy some seamless paper for your background.
I would suggest going to savage paper.
Usually they give me free shipping if you buy a large enough roll.
You also get them off amazon again if you have Prime.
Those are costs probably 50 bucks if you can do it with a smaller role.
Do you need a wider role there usually like $75 something like that passed out.
You'll just need a lot of random stuff like memory cards.
Gaffer's tape probably you'll get light stands with the limo studio packages but really anything else
you can possibly think of.
If you guys want to go with a shotgun instead zone up your budget a little bit.
But one thing I would say is don't go with a super cheap shotgun.
There's like $50 ones out there and they're absolute garbage.
I mean they literally will have a built in humming noise and they'll drive you nuts.
Now you can do the one that I use and this is actually I bought this.
Well the first thing I ever bought and I've used it for two and a half years.
I love the audio quality and it's cheap.
It's I got to see this one off.
So it's Audio Technica Audio Technica which is a popular brand for audio equipment.
It's the 88 7 5 r and it's kind of like a snub nose and it is what they call it for a shotgun.
It's really short.
That one works really really well.
And if you pair that it's only about $160.
Used to be like 200 something now it's only 160 to pair that with the $25.
Boom stand.
Plus you know there's these attachments you can put on your boom stand that allow you to absorb vibrations
so that you know if it's damp or something like that or something moves it doesn't pick it up.
And the actual Boom Shaka I guess that's the basic package.
I think that gives you a pretty good range of things you can use.
You know the most expensive thing is going to be the audio so you can either get a shot gun for like
170 like the one I suggest but then it's obviously you have to go to a quarter or quarter is a minimum
of 200 to 300.
But there is a camera Lumix the fact 70 I think it was called.
And that one's only about $250 cannot shoot for AK but at this point you shouldn't be shooting for for
AK anyway lights.
I would go with the lamest studio ones you can find on Amazon.
Seventy five bucks for two comes with a soft box and I believe it comes with the light bulbs.
They don't come with light bulbs and it might be 125 something like that.
Then you can just get a cheap $14 camera stand and that is pretty much it.
Then you have to buy some accessories like memory cards and probably some things like tape and whatnot
but that's about it.
Also in this range you can actually start doing a little bit of like soundproofing and all you need
for soundproofing are all blankets or moving blankets and moving blankets might spend fifty bucks and
send you like 12 of them.
You only need three or four.
And then if you combine that with duct tape while you can just duct tape them everywhere you need them
when you're recording huge pain.
When you have to set up and take down.
But again we're trying to save money.
This is a pretty good set up and you can do a lot with it.
I mean you pretty much have everything you need.
It's a great starter package and you'll start learning very very quickly.
Cons of this obviously are going to be like durability things going to break a lot more.
And just in general yeah you're going to struggle with some harder scenes to shoot.